Inspection Reports

British Schools Overseas Inspection Report 2023 – Rated “OUTSTANDING”

KHDA Inspection Report 2023-24 – Rated “Very Good”

Sunmarke School

Useful Links

Fortes Family

Sunmarke was rated ‘ Outstanding ’ by the British Schools Overseas (BSO) inspection report of 2023. The BSO is an inspection agency that follows the framework and standards of the Department of Education (DfE) in the UK for National Curriculum schools.

Click here to view our inspection report.

Sunmarke achieved “ Outstanding ” and “ Very Good ” ratings in the Knowledge and Human Development Agency (KHDA) and Dubai School Inspection Bureau (DSIB) Report (2023-2024) and received an overall “ Very Good ”.

Click here to download the full report.

5 OUTSTANDING features the inspectors found in EVERY phase of Sunmarke School:

10 AMAZING things the inspectors say about Sunmarke School:

Telephone: +971 4 423 8900 Email: Click here to contact us Behind Limitless Building Al Khail Road District 5, Jumeirah Village Triangle PO Box 24857, Dubai, UAE

Signature Programmes

Mission, Vision, Values

A Positive Education School

The Achievement Centre – Inclusion Department

Early Years Curriculum

Creative & Performing Arts

Student Council and Ambassadors

Secondary Curriculum

IB Diploma Programme (IBDP)

STEAM & Design Thinking

Environment & Sustainability

University & Career Readiness Programme

Fortes Pro Sports Academy

Global Language Academy

Financial Literacy Programme

Enterprise & Mini-MBA Programme

Communications, Media & the Performing Arts Programme

School Events Calendar

Governance Committee

Sunmarke Free Extracurricular Activities (ECAs)

Sunmarke Paid Extracurricular Activities

Third-Party Paid Extracurricular Activities

About Principal’s Message Mission, Vision, Values A Positive Education School Leadership Academic Results Inspection Reports Our Achievements Sunmarke Alumni Wellbeing The Achievement Centre – Inclusion Department Our Campus

Nursery Our Approach Enriched Learning

EYFS Our Approach Early Years Curriculum Enriched Learning

Primary Our Approach Primary Curriculum Sports & PE Creative & Performing Arts Enriched Learning Coding Student Council and Ambassadors

Secondary Our Approach Secondary Curriculum Sports & PE Creative & Performing Arts Enriched Learning Coding Sunmarke Mini MBA Student Council and Ambassadors

Sixth Form Our Approach A-Levels BTECs IB Diploma Programme (IBDP) Student Enrichment Coding CIVITAS Careers Counsellor Student Leadership

Admissions Apply Online Schedule a Visit Tuition Fees Scholarships Re-enrol Online School Forms FAQs

For Parents School Uniform School Timings Academic Calendar School Events Calendar Policies Transport Services Dining & Catering Sports Hub Parent Engagement Governance Committee

Activities Sunmarke Free Extracurricular Activities (ECAs) Sunmarke Paid Extracurricular Activities Third-Party Paid Extracurricular Activities

News & Events Weekly Buzz Blog Press Podcasts

Contact Us Work With Us

Health and safety, including arrangements for child protection and safeguarding

Students’ personal development

Social responsibility and innovation skills

Understanding of Islamic values and awareness of Emirati and world cultures

We are highly inclusive.

We have a clear vision for ensuring the wellbeing of everyone, which is founded on Positive Education.

We use rigorous policies, systems, and practices that ensure students’ safety.

We demonstrate mutual respect and open communication that contribute to a thriving leadership culture.

We have premises which are of excellent quality and are meticulously maintained.

We have outstanding resources to support teaching and learning.

We use assessment well in lesson planning and gauge understanding through probing questioning.

Sunmarke students demonstrate a strong sense of responsibility and independence; they interact with maturity and confidence.

Sunmarke students are enthusiastic learners who have a well-developed sense of conservation and sustainability.

Sunmarke parents actively contribute to the school and FOSS ensures community cohesion.

DSIB Inspection Report

IBDP, GCSE, A-Level & BTEC Results

Sunmarke Sixth Form School Dubai

EYFS Curriculum Dubai

Sunmarke Primary School Dubai

Sunmarke Secondary School Dubai

Regent International School

Jumeirah International Nurseries