Scholarships

Sunmarke Fellows

Inspiring Purpose. Driving Passion.

FAQs

What are the available Scholarship Categories?

What are the Scholarship Criteria?

What do we expect from a scholar?

What will we offer?

Students from which Year Groups are eligible for a Scholarship?

Where to apply for the Fortes Scholarship Programme?

What to expect after submitting the Scholarship Form?

Is the Scholarship only for the Year of admission or all subsequent years?

Sunmarke School

Useful Links

Fortes Family

The Fortes Scholarship Programme is a recognition of ability and application of students who have not only demonstrated a high level of academic, sporting or artistic skills, but have also displayed motivation and drive to succeed.

With exceptional teachers and subject specialists, we provide a dynamic and innovative curriculum that is designed to meet and inspire the talents and interests of our Gifted & Talented scholars.

Our approach helps students stretch their abilities, build confidence, and pursue advanced pathways that match their strengths. We encourage curiosity, creativity, and independence so each scholar can excel in areas where they show remarkable potential.

Currently, our Fortes Schools are offering the following scholarship categories:

Do keep the following documents ready before you fill in the application form:

Additional Criteria for Academic Scholarships

Additional Criteria for Sports Scholarships

Additional Criteria for Music Scholarships

Additional Criteria for Art Scholarships

Additional Criteria for Student of the Future Scholarships

We would like to set expectations with the scholar on performance during the scholarship year. This is essential for the Scholarship Performance Review.

For Student of the Future Scholars:

Our Fortes School will create an environment conducive for a scholar’s growth. A Fortes School will :

For Student of the Future Scholar

Students in Year 9 (British Curriculum) or equivalent in other curriculums applying for Year 10 and upwards are eligible for scholarships.

Finally, your application will be assessed and successful applicants could receive a partial scholarship on the annual fees.

A scholarship is renewable yearly between Year 10 and Year 13. The student’s scholarship continuation is subject to a termly Panel Review that showcases his/her participation, growth and development .

Telephone: +971 4 423 8900 Email: Click here to contact us Behind Limitless Building Al Khail Road District 5, Jumeirah Village Triangle PO Box 24857, Dubai, UAE

Signature Programmes

Mission, Vision, Values

A Positive Education School

The Achievement Centre – Inclusion Department

Early Years Curriculum

Creative & Performing Arts

Student Council and Ambassadors

Secondary Curriculum

IB Diploma Programme (IBDP)

STEAM & Design Thinking

Environment & Sustainability

University & Career Readiness Programme

Fortes Pro Sports Academy

Global Language Academy

Financial Literacy Programme

Enterprise & Mini-MBA Programme

Communications, Media & the Performing Arts Programme

School Events Calendar

Governance Committee

Sunmarke Free Extracurricular Activities (ECAs)

Sunmarke Paid Extracurricular Activities

Third-Party Paid Extracurricular Activities

About Principal’s Message Mission, Vision, Values A Positive Education School Leadership Academic Results Inspection Reports Our Achievements Sunmarke Alumni Wellbeing The Achievement Centre – Inclusion Department Our Campus

Nursery Our Approach Enriched Learning

EYFS Our Approach Early Years Curriculum Enriched Learning

Primary Our Approach Primary Curriculum Sports & PE Creative & Performing Arts Enriched Learning Coding Student Council and Ambassadors

Secondary Our Approach Secondary Curriculum Sports & PE Creative & Performing Arts Enriched Learning Coding Sunmarke Mini MBA Student Council and Ambassadors

Sixth Form Our Approach A-Levels BTECs IB Diploma Programme (IBDP) Student Enrichment Coding CIVITAS Careers Counsellor Student Leadership

Admissions Apply Online Schedule a Visit Tuition Fees Scholarships Re-enrol Online School Forms FAQs

For Parents School Uniform School Timings Academic Calendar School Events Calendar Policies Transport Services Dining & Catering Sports Hub Parent Engagement Governance Committee

Activities Sunmarke Free Extracurricular Activities (ECAs) Sunmarke Paid Extracurricular Activities Third-Party Paid Extracurricular Activities

News & Events Weekly Buzz Blog Press Podcasts

Contact Us Work With Us

Academic Scholarship Academic geniuses who strive for a place at the world’s top universities.

Sports Scholarship Outstanding performers on the field who can bring laurels to their school and nation

Music Scholarship Passionate performers who can touch the hearts of millions with their vocals or skills on a musical instrument.

Art Scholarship Artists who can colour the canvas with their imagination and expression.

Student of the Future Scholarship Visionary thinkers who we can mould for the jobs of the future.

The Founder’s Scholarship We are looking for the gifted and talented who we can support in their journey to become legends.

Personal statement (< 500 words)

Scholarship question (<500 words)

Leadership essay (< 500 words)

Video presentation (< 7 mins) Video must have:

Introduction to yourself

Why do you deserve this scholarship?

CAT score = or > 133

For students applying for Year 10, 11 and 13: GL Data in Y9 and Y10 to be Stanine 8 or above in English, Maths and or Science

For students applying for Year 12: 10 or more GCSEs taken with scores of 7-9’s or A to A*

The student should have achieved Grade 6 in at least 1 musical instrument or voice through Trinity or ABRSM Valid in the last 3 years

Evidence of solo live performance outside of school

Portfolio and evidence of exhibition

Portfolio and evidence of having a future skill. The skill can be related to Coding, Crypto, Social Work, Robotics, etc.

Certifications/endorsements required.

Consistent commitment to growth and development

Active participation in internal and external activities. For example, the World Scholar’s Cup, MUN, TEDx, Duke of Edinburgh, Internships, social work among others

To act as a brand ambassador of the school across all platforms. For example, social media, PR, videos, etc.

To be in the 95 percentile of their Year Group (for Year 10 and 12)

To achieve Level 7-9 in all their GCSE subjects (for Year 11)

Maintain national/international representation in the sport or participate and represent the school in a notable tournament

To be in the 70 percentile of their Year Group (for Year 10 and 12)

To achieve Level 6-9 in all their GCSE subjects (for Year 11)

Participation in school showcases such as concerts, musicals, etc.

Participation in the school bands, choirs and ensembles

To be in the 75 percentile of their Year Group (for Year 10 and 12)

A* or 8-9 in GCSE Art and Design, Ceramics or Textiles

Maintain an exceptional portfolio and evidence of external exhibition

Maintain an exceptional portfolio of future skill

To be in the 80 percentile of their Year Group (for Year 10 and 12)

Ensure that the student receives guidance to develop a strong character and become a well-rounded individual

Ensure the student has adequate support to perform academically

Ensure opportunities to explore leadership positions within the Student Leadership Team

Ensure opportunities to participate in activities outside the curriculum

Provide an environment that encourages the student to achieve the highest academic standards

Provide an environment that ensures the student is able to maintain and improve performance

Ensure that the student has access to facilities to practise and improve skills

Ensure that the student receives opportunities to meet mentors in the field of interest

After filling out the Admission Application Form Complete the admission application form to Fortes School. At the end of the application form, select the button to ‘Apply for Scholarship’. You will be directed to the Scholarship Form.

Request for the Scholarship Form You can also request for the Scholarship Form from the admissions team, who will send you a unique link. However, the Application Form is mandatory in this case as well.

You may apply for the scholarship via the VLE where you will find a link to the Scholarship Application Form. Click here to log in.

Application Review : Your application will be reviewed by our Academic Panel

Audition : Should you get shortlisted, you will be invited to the school for an audition

Interview : If you make it as a finalist, you will be invited for an interview with the Principal of the school

DSIB Inspection Report

IBDP, GCSE, A-Level & BTEC Results

Sunmarke Sixth Form School Dubai

EYFS Curriculum Dubai

Sunmarke Primary School Dubai

Sunmarke Secondary School Dubai

Regent International School

Jumeirah International Nurseries