Our Approach

Nursery School in Dubai

Areas of Learning

Extraordinary Indoor & Outdoor Spaces

Learning Through Play

Outstanding Care

Transition to Big School

The JINS Family Club

JINS Awards & Recognitions

Gulf News and Being She Lifetime Achievement Award – Mrs. Mankani, Founder of JINS

Mother, Baby & Child Awards 2021-22 – Gold Winners

The Bayut Awards

The Readers Choice Award

Edarabia – Parents Choice

DEWA Conservation Awards

Sunmarke School

Useful Links

Fortes Family

Part of the award-winning group of Fortes Education Schools and located within Sunmarke’s campus, Jumeirah International Nurseries (JINS) enables a smooth and seamless transition into the Early Years Foundation Stage (EYFS) at Sunmarke School.

With over 40 years of Early Years excellence, JINS Early Childhood Centre provides an inspiring British education that nurtures the hearts and minds of children aged 45+ days old and sparks infinite potential in all our little learners.

JINS’ unique educational framework blends the World-Class British EYFS Curriculum with Reggio-Emilia, The Curiosity Approach and Montessori principles to bring hands-on learning experiences to life. Our curriculum is further enriched with STEAM and Positive Education to set the stage for an exciting journey of discovery.

Our Early Years Experts create authentic and meaningful learning experiences that embrace the individuality of each child, allowing them to progress and flourish based on their unique interests, abilities and aptitude.

These seven areas of learning are essential for your child’s healthy development and form the core framework of our educational programmes:

With 9 vibrant branches in Dubai, JINS provides rich learning environments that ignite children’s imagination and stimulate endless moments of discovery and exploration.

Our nature-inspired Early Childhood Centre in the heart of the JVT community offers stimulating and engaging spaces where every detail is crafted to inspire and nurture young minds.

Children at JINS Sunmarke, JVT, have access to large, Reggio-inspired classrooms and a shared courtyard to which all classroom doors open, making it a welcoming space where children explore through sensory and physical play whilst also forging a strong connection with nature through our outdoor mud kitchen and garden areas.

Our passionate educators create joy-filled learning experiences where children ‘learn through play’ and hands-on activities that enhance their understanding and comprehension of the world around them. Our open-ended Reggio-inspired learning resources encourage creativity and problem-solving and enable our children to become confident and independent little learners.

The wellbeing of our children and families is at the heart of what we do. We’re committed to exceeding and maintaining the highest international standards of quality and safety in early childhood education.

We are proud holders of the ISO 9001 Certification (Quality Systems) and are the only Nursery in the UAE with the ISO 21001 (Education Systems) Certification.

At JINS, we follow the below rigorous health and safety procedures at our Early Childhood Centres:

At JINS JVT, we help our children develop and secure skills which will be essential for a smooth transition into EYFS at Sunmarke School at the age of 3.

We support our young learners as they develop pre-writing and literacy skills and build their knowledge of important mathematical concepts through play and exploration. Children learn how to identify and write their own names and are introduced to the Letters and Sounds and Accelerated Maths Programme.

On a day-to-day basis, the children are encouraged to be independent, think critically, ask questions, and use their imagination as they learn and explore together.

In addition to this, our children regularly go across and experience the learning spaces in EYFS at Sunmarke School in the Summer Term, allowing them to acclimatise to new environments, practitioners, peers, routines, and levels of expectation. During these ‘Transition Days’ children experience the Forest Schools in EYFS at both schools, visit the libraries and play spaces, and enjoy specialised lessons such as Physical Education and Music.

We believe that Early Childhood Centres are more important than ever before. As well as being crucial years for your child’s development and preparation for life in the modern world, it’s also a place for families to come together and feel supported.

Our parents can become a member of the JINS Family Club where they’ll have access to expert speakers and interactive workshops aimed at supporting you on your parenting journey.

Follow the JINS Family Club Instagram Page here.

JINS’ unique approach to early years education, innovative facilities and best teaching practices has gained recognition from parents and other distinguished platforms in the region.

Some of our awards and recognitions include:

Our visionary and esteemed Founder, Mrs. Shakuntala Mankani, has been honoured with the Lifetime Achievement Award at the prestigious Gulf News and Being She Excellence Awards 2024. This accolade was presented by Her Excellency Shaikha Lubna Bint Khalid Al Qasimi, a prominent Emirati politician and a respected member of the Sharjah royal family. This recognition celebrates Mrs. Mankani’s extraordinary contributions to the education sector and her unwavering commitment to academic excellence and innovation.

To read more about the Being She Awards in association with Gulf News and this inspiring event, please view the feature article here.

We are proud to announce that Jumeirah International Nurseries won the MBC Nursery of the Year 2021-22 Award . We thank all the JINS families who have showered us with so much love, our JINS team for their outstanding commitment, and most of all our amazing children for making each moment spent with them so special.

We were nominated as the Best Nursery Chain in Dubai at the prestigious Bayut Awards 2021. These awards pay tribute to the vision of HH Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Vice President of UAE and Ruler of Dubai, towards making Dubai the happiest city in the world.

Jumeirah International Nurseries were proud winners of the Best Nursery 2018 Award by the Russian Emirates, Family and Kids Magazine.

Jumeirah International Nurseries received the ‘Parents Choice’ 2017 Award by Edarabia.com.

The Jumeirah International Nurseries Team won the DEWA Conservation Awards 2017 in the Nursery Category. Our staff and teachers are humbled with this accolade, and empowered to strive even harder to teach our children the importance of energy and water conservation.

Telephone: +971 4 423 8900 Email: Click here to contact us Behind Limitless Building Al Khail Road District 5, Jumeirah Village Triangle PO Box 24857, Dubai, UAE

Signature Programmes

Mission, Vision, Values

A Positive Education School

The Achievement Centre – Inclusion Department

Early Years Curriculum

Creative & Performing Arts

Student Council and Ambassadors

Secondary Curriculum

IB Diploma Programme (IBDP)

STEAM & Design Thinking

Environment & Sustainability

University & Career Readiness Programme

Fortes Pro Sports Academy

Global Language Academy

Financial Literacy Programme

Enterprise & Mini-MBA Programme

Communications, Media & the Performing Arts Programme

School Events Calendar

Governance Committee

Sunmarke Free Extracurricular Activities (ECAs)

Sunmarke Paid Extracurricular Activities

Third-Party Paid Extracurricular Activities

About Principal’s Message Mission, Vision, Values A Positive Education School Leadership Academic Results Inspection Reports Our Achievements Sunmarke Alumni Wellbeing The Achievement Centre – Inclusion Department Our Campus

Nursery Our Approach Enriched Learning

EYFS Our Approach Early Years Curriculum Enriched Learning

Primary Our Approach Primary Curriculum Sports & PE Creative & Performing Arts Enriched Learning Coding Student Council and Ambassadors

Secondary Our Approach Secondary Curriculum Sports & PE Creative & Performing Arts Enriched Learning Coding Sunmarke Mini MBA Student Council and Ambassadors

Sixth Form Our Approach A-Levels BTECs IB Diploma Programme (IBDP) Student Enrichment Coding CIVITAS Careers Counsellor Student Leadership

Admissions Apply Online Schedule a Visit Tuition Fees Scholarships Re-enrol Online School Forms FAQs

For Parents School Uniform School Timings Academic Calendar School Events Calendar Policies Transport Services Dining & Catering Sports Hub Parent Engagement Governance Committee

Activities Sunmarke Free Extracurricular Activities (ECAs) Sunmarke Paid Extracurricular Activities Third-Party Paid Extracurricular Activities

News & Events Weekly Buzz Blog Press Podcasts

Contact Us Work With Us

Physical Development

Communication and Language

Personal, Social and Emotional Development

Understanding of the World

Expressive Arts and Design

Clean, fresh, and sanitised learning environments

Child-friendly changing facilities and toilets located within the classroom

Inculcating children with practices of good hygiene throughout the day

A full-time nurse on site

Doctor visits twice a week

Stringent security measures with identifiable lanyards for all adults (parents/visitors/staff) to wear at all times

Security gates surrounding the nursery externally and internally

All families are invited for a staggered entry week allowing a smooth and steady start for children

DSIB Inspection Report

IBDP, GCSE, A-Level & BTEC Results

Sunmarke Sixth Form School Dubai

EYFS Curriculum Dubai

Sunmarke Primary School Dubai

Sunmarke Secondary School Dubai

Regent International School

Jumeirah International Nurseries