Our Approach

Secondary School in Dubai

Seamless Transition

Transitioning Into Secondary

Days for Your Diary

Approach To Learning In Secondary

Thinking Skills

Leadership

Digital Learning

Social Responsibility

Environment and Sustainability

Global Outlook

Sunmarke School

Useful Links

Fortes Family

Sunmarke Secondary School ensures that students have a smooth transition from Primary to Secondary school to succeed in the next phase of their academic journey.

To make the experience less daunting, our staff works closely with families. Our transition programme from Primary to Secondary school ensures that they start Year 7 full of excitement and with minimal nervousness.

This section contains important and up-to-date information about our transition programme. If you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact Ms Young (Deputy Head – Student Opportunity) or Mr Matthews (Head of Year 7).

We strive to do our utmost to ensure that the transition from Year 6 to Year  7 is as smooth and welcoming as possible.

More information and timings for the above events will be available soon via VLE.

Our approach encourages students to build the skills and learning habits to become independent thinkers – preparing them for life way beyond Year 13.

At Sunmarke through our ‘Positive Education’ inclusive approach, students are enabled to flourish in a safe, happy and nurturing learning environment. They are stretched and challenged to ask and develop their own questions to harness their potential to the maximum.

Opportunities are provided through numerous activities undertaken in the classroom, on the sports field,  on stage, through educational visits abroad, organising charity events, or representing the school as outstanding ambassadors.

There are numerous opportunities for leadership from informal roles within the classroom to formal roles outside of the classroom e.g. Prefects, School and Community Ambassadors.

Students can aspire to leadership roles within and outside their year groups.  These roles are designed to promote excellence while enabling student leaders to play a role in the development of the school and community.

The Student Hub within the Secondary School is a dedicated space for secondary students to meet with their Student Leadership Team. At Sunmarke we believe in student voice and the sharing of ideas. The Hub provides a platform for every student to be heard and to interact with their Student Leaders.

Sunmarke students are adept at using technology through  class assignment and quizzes, home learning, submission and assessments, online collaboration and communication between students and teachers, tracking progress and behaviour and access to school resources, library books and information.

We promote and sustain a culture that encourages the integration of digital technologies into all areas of the curriculum. Students engage and collaborate with their peers using a variety of digital environments and tools.

Cyber-safety is an integral part of how the school community works with everyone being aware of their digital responsibilities, modelling ethical and appropriate use of digital resources.

Please view our Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) here .

Our principled, creative and innovative learning environment encourages students to have a responsibility ‘for’ and ‘towards’ the community.  They learn to be solution-focused, discuss controversial topics, share their opinions on what they learn, ask questions and engage in dialogue.

Sustainability is a key agenda at Sunmarke School. We believe that we have a shared responsibility as citizens of the world to choose sustainable practices and we empower our students to do the same.

Below are just some of the ways we incorporate the environment and sustainability within our subjects.

Media – Sunmarke’s Media students focus on projects related to sustainable transportation, the effects of pollution and draw upon the beauty of nature and landscapes when building their portfolios.

Economics – Our Business and Economics courses cover topics such as economic growth vs development, effects of trade and globalisation, the impact of deforestation etc. Students are encouraged to research policies to solve urgent environmental issues.

The Sciences – A Level and IB Biology – Both courses include the study of ecosystems, ecology and biodiversity. Secondary students also look into the sustainability of using earth’s resources and assess the impact of extracting, using and recycling.

Our excellent, holistic education and team of dedicated teachers place values like honesty, responsibility, tolerance and respect for the rights of others irrespective of nationality, gender, culture or religion at the foundation of learning.

This provides students the skills and knowledge to meet the challenges of the future. Our  high-quality education and multi-pathway model with bespoke career paths guide them to find the most appropriate route to study their favourite subjects at the university of their choice.

Telephone: +971 4 423 8900 Email: Click here to contact us Behind Limitless Building Al Khail Road District 5, Jumeirah Village Triangle PO Box 24857, Dubai, UAE

Signature Programmes

Mission, Vision, Values

A Positive Education School

The Achievement Centre – Inclusion Department

Early Years Curriculum

Creative & Performing Arts

Student Council and Ambassadors

Secondary Curriculum

IB Diploma Programme (IBDP)

STEAM & Design Thinking

Environment & Sustainability

University & Career Readiness Programme

Fortes Pro Sports Academy

Global Language Academy

Financial Literacy Programme

Enterprise & Mini-MBA Programme

Communications, Media & the Performing Arts Programme

School Events Calendar

Governance Committee

Sunmarke Free Extracurricular Activities (ECAs)

Sunmarke Paid Extracurricular Activities

Third-Party Paid Extracurricular Activities

About Principal’s Message Mission, Vision, Values A Positive Education School Leadership Academic Results Inspection Reports Our Achievements Sunmarke Alumni Wellbeing The Achievement Centre – Inclusion Department Our Campus

Nursery Our Approach Enriched Learning

EYFS Our Approach Early Years Curriculum Enriched Learning

Primary Our Approach Primary Curriculum Sports & PE Creative & Performing Arts Enriched Learning Coding Student Council and Ambassadors

Secondary Our Approach Secondary Curriculum Sports & PE Creative & Performing Arts Enriched Learning Coding Sunmarke Mini MBA Student Council and Ambassadors

Sixth Form Our Approach A-Levels BTECs IB Diploma Programme (IBDP) Student Enrichment Coding CIVITAS Careers Counsellor Student Leadership

Admissions Apply Online Schedule a Visit Tuition Fees Scholarships Re-enrol Online School Forms FAQs

For Parents School Uniform School Timings Academic Calendar School Events Calendar Policies Transport Services Dining & Catering Sports Hub Parent Engagement Governance Committee

Activities Sunmarke Free Extracurricular Activities (ECAs) Sunmarke Paid Extracurricular Activities Third-Party Paid Extracurricular Activities

News & Events Weekly Buzz Blog Press Podcasts

Contact Us Work With Us

Secondary pastoral leaders visit Year 6 children in their classrooms to hold informal Q&A sessions.

Parent Coffee Mornings are held in Term Two and Three to learn more about the Secondary School and how to support your children with the transition process. This is an opportunity to meet key members of staff such as the Secondary Leadership Team.

During the summer term, children will have the opportunity to experience Secondary Taster lessons. This will give them the chance to meet some of our secondary school staff and experience this part of the school building.

DSIB Inspection Report

IBDP, GCSE, A-Level & BTEC Results

Sunmarke Sixth Form School Dubai

EYFS Curriculum Dubai

Sunmarke Primary School Dubai

Sunmarke Secondary School Dubai

Regent International School

Jumeirah International Nurseries