Our Approach

Sixth Form School in Dubai

Leadership

Thinking Skills

Digital Learning

Social Responsibility

Global Outlook

Key Stage 4 Options Booklet

Sixth Form Options Booklet

Sunmarke School

Useful Links

Fortes Family

Sunmarke’s Sixth Form is imbued with the Positive Education approach, our dynamic and innovative Sixth Form curriculum is designed to meet the needs, talents and interest of our students, making them future-ready. Through our different pathways, we encourage students to ask questions about the world around them and think from multiple perspectives.

We are unique in offering A-Levels, BTECs, and being an IB World School, we also offer the International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme. Whether students choose the A-Level, BTEC; or the International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme pathway, we inspire purpose and drive passion.

Here at Sunmarke we care about the journey that students go on and the skills they develop along the way. Our students are not defined by grades, they are a collection of skills and interests that show their passion, and we want them to strive to be better learners to best prepare them for the path they choose after they graduate. Students will develop these skills through sessions run in form time on developing as a learner and preparing for higher education. While attending sessions for the latter, students will be exposed to resources that will help them explore their passions through reading, videos and courses outside of the curriculum that are now available online at the click of a button.

Outside of the form room is where you will differ in terms of skills developed. The International Baccalaureate Programmes places more of an emphasis in developing a variety of skills due to the diverse subjects students have to take whereas A-Levels allow students to delve deeper into a smaller selection of subjects. Different still are BTEC qualifications which have no exams and will, therefore, develop your investigation and research skills as you look to answer your briefs.

All students at Sunmarke’s Sixth Form are leaders and role models and they embrace this responsibility fully. These young leaders play a crucial role in the growth of the school and the community.

Within their academics, students are provided options to lead their own learning such as through the Extended Project Qualification (EPQ), available to A Level and BTEC students or through various pieces of coursework, such as the Extended Essay and Reflective Project on the International Baccalaureate pathways.

There are several opportunities for students to assume leadership roles,  form their own extra-curricular activities and represent the school as Senior Prefects, Senior Student Leadership Team, House Captains and Subject Ambassadors.

Preparing students to flourish in an environment that encourages critical and independent thinking, Sunmarke’s Sixth Form is imbued with the Positive Education approach. Students are trained through the Theory of Knowledge (TOK) curriculum that motivates them to ask questions about the world around them and think from multiple perspectives.

Sixth Form students model the use and integration of digital technologies throughout their curriculum. Many digital tools are available such as Questia School, an online library and UniFrog, a platform for search, shortlist and applying for university courses.

Sixth Form Students are taught to be at ease with technology, but also encouraged to question its validity, reliability and responsibility in a modern world. Media literacy is given a lot of importance at Sunmarke as students prepare to navigate the world beyond the school.

Please view our Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Policy here .

Sunmarke Sixth Formers take the lead in service, learning and providing solutions while developing collaboration, leadership and social skills.

There are structured programmes for students to follow such as CAS (Creativity, Activity, Service) and Service Learning that lists a set of objectives to be used as guidance.

These are ‘need and solution-based’ programmes where students can choose to give service to their peers, the school, the local community and even make a global difference. These programmes make them understand the difference they can make to the world while developing emotional intelligence.

As an international school training students to excel globally, we foster an ethos of honesty, responsibility, tolerance and respect for others within the academic and Positive Education curriculum.

Sixth Form students take a leading role in celebrations such as International Day by sharing their own cultures and traditions with the rest of the community. As a multi-pathway school, we aim to make our students global citizens.

Sunmarke has designed the below listed booklet to give information to our students about the courses they could study in Years 10 and 11. These are useful as a guide to choose the right options and also serve as a reference point throughout the two year IGCSE, GCSE or BTEC Level 2 programmes. It gives a glimpse of the areas of study within each subject that can be used to support the teaching and learning.

Sunmarke parents can view the PDF version of the Key Stage 4 Options Booklet from our parent communication portal, VLE.

Click here to view the Key Stage 4 Options Booklet

We have designed the below booklet to inform and support our students on the multiple pathways available to them. We are unique in offering A Levels, BTECs, and being an IB world school, we also offer the International Baccalaureate Diploma Programme and the International Baccalaureate Career Related Programme. It is therefore, important to understand each one to make an informed decision.

Sunmarke parents can view the PDF version of the Sixth Form Options Booklet from our parent communication portal, VLE. Click here to view the Sixth Form Options Booklet

Telephone: +971 4 423 8900 Email: Click here to contact us Behind Limitless Building Al Khail Road District 5, Jumeirah Village Triangle PO Box 24857, Dubai, UAE

Signature Programmes

Mission, Vision, Values

A Positive Education School

The Achievement Centre – Inclusion Department

Early Years Curriculum

Creative & Performing Arts

Student Council and Ambassadors

Secondary Curriculum

IB Diploma Programme (IBDP)

STEAM & Design Thinking

Environment & Sustainability

University & Career Readiness Programme

Fortes Pro Sports Academy

Global Language Academy

Financial Literacy Programme

Enterprise & Mini-MBA Programme

Communications, Media & the Performing Arts Programme

School Events Calendar

Governance Committee

Sunmarke Free Extracurricular Activities (ECAs)

Sunmarke Paid Extracurricular Activities

Third-Party Paid Extracurricular Activities

About Principal’s Message Mission, Vision, Values A Positive Education School Leadership Academic Results Inspection Reports Our Achievements Sunmarke Alumni Wellbeing The Achievement Centre – Inclusion Department Our Campus

Nursery Our Approach Enriched Learning

EYFS Our Approach Early Years Curriculum Enriched Learning

Primary Our Approach Primary Curriculum Sports & PE Creative & Performing Arts Enriched Learning Coding Student Council and Ambassadors

Secondary Our Approach Secondary Curriculum Sports & PE Creative & Performing Arts Enriched Learning Coding Sunmarke Mini MBA Student Council and Ambassadors

Sixth Form Our Approach A-Levels BTECs IB Diploma Programme (IBDP) Student Enrichment Coding CIVITAS Careers Counsellor Student Leadership

Admissions Apply Online Schedule a Visit Tuition Fees Scholarships Re-enrol Online School Forms FAQs

For Parents School Uniform School Timings Academic Calendar School Events Calendar Policies Transport Services Dining & Catering Sports Hub Parent Engagement Governance Committee

Activities Sunmarke Free Extracurricular Activities (ECAs) Sunmarke Paid Extracurricular Activities Third-Party Paid Extracurricular Activities

News & Events Weekly Buzz Blog Press Podcasts

Contact Us Work With Us

DSIB Inspection Report

IBDP, GCSE, A-Level & BTEC Results

Sunmarke Sixth Form School Dubai

EYFS Curriculum Dubai

Sunmarke Primary School Dubai

Sunmarke Secondary School Dubai

Regent International School

Jumeirah International Nurseries